WWW.BALACEANCA.NET
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
G.I. Joe
Crashing through the sky,
comes the fearful cry:
Cobra! -Cobra!
-Cobra! -Cobra!
Armies of the night,
evil taking flight!
Cobra! -Cobra!
-Cobra! -Cobra!
Nowhere to run,
nowhere to hide
Panic spreading,
far and wide!
Who can turn the tide?
G.I. Joe!
-a real American hero
"Yo Joe!"
G.I. Joe is there!
G.I. Joe!
-a real American hero
G.I. Joe is there!
fighting for freedom,
wherever there's trouble
over land and sea and air!
G.I. Joe is there!
Can the world oppose
The deadliest of foes?
Cobra! -Cobra!
-Cobra! -Cobra!
Joe will risk it all
to end the evil call of
Cobra! -Cobra!
-Cobra! -Cobra!
Never give up,
never say die!
Walking tall with banners high,
they sound the battle cry:
Yo Joe! -Yo Joe!
G.I. Joe! -a real American hero
G.I. Joe is there!
Fighting for freedom
Wherever there's trouble
over land and sea and air!
G.I.Joe is there!
G.I.Joe is the code name
for America's daring,
highly trained special mission force.
its purpose: to defend human
freedom against Cobra.
a ruthless terrorist organization
determined to rule the world.
G.I. Joe! -a real American hero
G.I. Joe is there!
fighting for freedom
wherever there's trouble
over land and sea and air,
G.I. Joe is there!
"Cobra! Retreat! Retreat!"
G.I. Joe! -a real American hero
G.I. Joe is there! G.I. Joe!
"G.I. Joe The Movie" Chapter 96
The Broadcast Energy Transmitter.
STARRING
Don Johnson as Lt. Falcon
Burgess Meredith as Golobulus
Sgt. Slaughter as Sgt. Slaughter
CASTING Reuben Cannon
Associates Cheryl Miller
STORY CONSULTANT:
Buzz Dixon
WRITTEN BY:
Ron Friedman
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS:
Margaret Loesche, Lee Gunther
SUPERVISING PRODUCER:
Jay Bacal
PRODUCED BY:
Joe Bacal, Tom Griffin
CO-PRODUCED AND DIRECTED
BY: Don Jurwich
Subtitle: Moti K.
Oren K.
Blunderers! Fools! We possess
power greater than any on earth
yet our conquests are stripped
from us on every front!
Our most dangerous enemy
is not G.I. Joe
but your collective incompetence!
Hogwash!
What do you dare say?
The fault, most
imperial Serpentor,
lies not within
us, but within you!
Your leadership has been pompous,
pusillanimous, and pathetic!
What did he say?
He's gone batty!
That's treason!
I don't believe it!
Yes, leadership is at
the very heart of this matter.
But it is not mine that
is inadequate, Cobra Commander,
it is yours. Your ego-driven
stupidity had converted
victory to catastrophe
for the last time!
Go ahead. Make me the scapegoat.
My loyal subordinates could
testify to my superb stewardship
of Cobra ,but you don't have
the courage to let them speak.
Wrong again!
Defend him, if you can.
Indeed they shall.
You first, noble Destro.
Militarily speaking,
it is only fair to say that
Cobra Commander is
a world class... buffoon.
What? Baroness!
Doctor Mindbender!
Brave Xamot and Tomax!
You won't let this
treacherous assassination
of my character go
unchallenged, will you?
Certainly not.
Destro forgot to mention
your frequent displays of cowardice.
ash! Hogw!
And you botched
our desert campaign!
We had won,
but you countermanded my order!
Your meddling brought us defeat,
again and again and again!
You're not just a fool
you're Cobra's curse!
Inept! Insufficient! Inexcusable!
Unsubstantiated fantasy!
Lies! Lies! LIES!
Intruder alert, sector 45A.
Battle stations!
There! Stop him!
Look! Security has been breached!
This may be an
assassination attempt.
Serpentor must stay here.
We will intercept the intruder.
I will meet this intruder at arms!
No! We must protect you!
Without you, there is no Cobra!
Yes. Yes, if something
happened to Serpentor,
it would be tragic, wouldn't it?
We shall stop this assassin.
Come, follow me. Cobra!
come on men lets move on
No, not this way, that way!
Intruder approaching Serpentor's
war room. Seal all sectors!
None may challenge Serpentor.
This I command!
That won't be necessary.
I, I have seen...
I have seen you before,
in a dream, a vision.
In a memory, O great Serpentor.
I am part of your destiny.
When you were created,
my face was etched into your soul.
I am Pythona, and now it is
time to fulfill your destiny.
Behold,
the Broadcast Energy Transmitter.
So I say to the guy,
"I don't care if I have to
drive all night, we're
gonna be there by morning!"
That's funny!
Catchy tune, isn't it guys?
One more time!
He can't hear you, Mainframe.
Well, Dial-Tone, they're gonna
here about the Broadcast Energy
Transmitter all over the world. Pure
energy, pumped through the air.
Yeah, unlimited power,
anywhere, anytime we want.
If it works.
The B.E.T.'ll work perfectly,
Duke. I can practically feel
its little semiconductors
singing under my fingertips.
Hey, hey, be careful.
Well, let's find out if we've
wasted a billion taxpayer dollars.
Here we go. If this
thing works, it could
be the key to the
world's energy crisis.
It's working!
All right!
Hey!
The B.E.T. started
Cross-Country's HAVOC!
I'll shut down and see if it stops.
Whoa, mule! Stop! Stop! STOP!
Go, go, go! It's...
Cobra!
Destroy everything, except the
Broadcast Energy Transmitter!
This I command!
Snow Job, need a lift?
Maybe walking's better
for my health!
Since when are you the
nervous type? Yo Joe!
They're after the B.E.T.
Fall back and regroup
for counterattack.
Press forward! I must
possess the Broadcast
Energy Transmitter!
This I command!
This operation is
costing us dearly!
I hope your
contraption is worth it.
That is not your concern. Do as
you're told like an obedient lackey.
Lackey? You dare
call me a... Auggh!
Mindbender, look out, you dolt!
What the hell is that?
Cover me!
The B.E.T.'s our only shot!
Yo Joe!
Dreadnoks, cut him down!
Man with a problem, Quick Kick!
What are friends for?
Tomax! The B.E.T. is
activating the Joe's weapons!
Treachery! We're being
attacked from behind!
Stand your ground! Not
there, here! No, over there!
The emperor
needs us, Commander.
When I so order, Baroness.
Farewell, worm!
Serpentor is hurt!
We must save him! Cobr...
No! retreat! Cobra, retreat!
What coward called retreat?
Serpentor needs us! We can't...
We have a counter-attack to deal
with. Retreat to the mountains!
I know where we can find sanctuary.
Cobra's through
what do we do?
Ah, I hate it, but we've
gotta split the force.
Roadblock, form a unit
to run down Cobra.
The rest of us will take care
of Serpentor and the B.E.T.
You heard the man.
Let's wreck us some reptile.
Yo Joe! etc.
This is madness! Our men are
half frozen! You'll kill us all!
Head for that pass up ahead. We'll
find sanctuary on the other side.
There they are! Yeah! Yo Joe! etc.
Blast! The Joes have caught up!
'Ey! We didn't sign
up for nothin' fatal!
Caw, mates, me eyes
are playin' tricks!
'Ey, gov'nor, what's this all mean?
We are safe, safe!
Yo Joe!
Take refuge in the grove!
Knock 'em out!
What is this, the Twilight Zone?
Forget them redwood toadstools!
It's battle time! Yo Joe!
Roadblock!
Back off, fast!
Gotcha now, you slippery creep!
Bravo, bravo, dear friends!
He knows these people?
You were as impressive as ever!
You struck me? Golobulus will
have your head for this!
It is not his head you should be
worried about, Cobra Commander.
Pythona!
You will all come with me now.
No! NO!
Nemesis Enforcer,
fetch Cobra Commander.
No! Release me!
I order you to let me go!
Where are you takin' the others?
You will find out soon
enough, Dreadnok Ripper.
You know us?
We know everything.
We know that Serpentor has
been captured by G. I. Joe,
and you must rescue him.
Ride the Joes? Are you balmy?
We don't know who
you are or where you
come from or even
what side you're on.
Why should we risk
our necks on your behalf?
Does this answer your question?
A gem of that size
answers... all my questions.
Twenty-four hours, and
zip from Roadblock and his unit!
They're smart and tough.
No reason to write 'em off yet.
Agreed, but who's gonna take
their place if Cobra hits us now?
We've got the B.E.T.
and Serpentor, General Hawk.
The Fang Gang's bound
to take a whack at 'em.
And we'll need all the
Joes we can get to whack back.
What if I lead a search
party after Roadblock's unit?
Okay. Find 'em and bring 'em back.
I'll have the B.E.T.
transferred to a maximum security
station while you're away.
Yo Joe!
Sir, I've already ordered
Beach Head to fast-forward
the training of our new recruits.
The sooner they graduate,
the sooner they can fight.
That's easier said than done.
First they've got to
survive Beach Head.
Attention! I want a stone-cold,
righteous attention!
Your chin is down!
Your chest out!
Your gut in!
Your face mean!
'Cause you are rough,
tough, fightin' machines!
Thank you. It's
a real pleasure to
see that one o'
you's a real trooper.
De nada, man.
Let's look sharp, eh, compadres?
That better, sweetheart?
Don't you call me sweetheart.
You six Rawhides,
you're gonna learn soldierin',
and... hey, there's
only five of you.
Where is that gold-plated
goof-off, Lieutenant Falcon?
Terrific question.
Man said he had
some errands to do.
Go to the tailor, wallpaper
his footlocker, weird stuff.
I think he had
a date or somethin'
Atten-hut! Now, I'm gonna see what
you Rawhides are really made of!
You two Rawhides'll love
this little training exercise.
All you gotta do is get
from here to there
and ring that bell.
But watch out for surprises.
Big deal. I got kicked
outta kindergartens
with tougher playgrounds than this.
Cut the macho, Tunnel Rat!
Now do it!
All right!
Big Lob makes his move!
Big Lob goes for the gold!
Whoa!
He cuts cross-court,
sidestepping the opposition.
He executes a perfect ten dive!
The goal line is in sight!
He breaks free near the end zone!
Takes out the defense and
lays down the long bomb!
It's lookin' good! Rim shot!
Will it drop in? Yes!
The Big Lob scores,
and the crowd goes bananas!
The crowd ain't the only
thing that's goin' bananas!
Front and center, Law!
Somewhere in this village is a time
bomb set to go off in five minutes.
Find it and dispose of it.
No problem, Beach Head.
What's that bow-wow doin' here?
This is my dog, Order.
He's trained to sniff
out explosives. Order, seek.
This is supposed to
be your test, Law!
Eh, Law & Order is a team, man.
He finds the bombs, I drive the car.
We tried it the other
way, but it didn't work.
C'mere, boy!
But he's bringin' the bomb back!
Get outta here! Gimme that!
Ahh! Let go, ya dumb dog!
Order, give it to me. Good fella.
Get rid o' that thing!
He thought you were
playing, Beach Head.
He's usually quite obedient.
I hope you BOTH get fleas!
All right, Chuckles, the object
o' this exercise is simple.
Draw a bead on that HISS
and blow it to kingdom come.
Chuckles, wake up! You gotta
get it before it gets you!
Hey!
What are you doin'?
Next time, Chuckles,
use the rocket launcher.
Jinx, why aren't you
dueling Lieutenant Falcon?
He didn't show. Guess he was
too chicken to take me on.
Either that or he heard
you're one bad-luck lady.
Who says so?
Everybody. The word is when
you're around, things go wrong.
Yeah, well, they usually
turn out right in the end.
What in blue blazes are you doin'?
Sparring. Any problem with that?
Yeah. Your eyes. Keep 'em open!
But I...
Mouth closed, eyes open!
Yes, sir!
And don't call me sir!
Hmph. Pathetic. Don't bother to
unpack. You ain't stayin' here long.
Care to try it again, my way?
As my blind ninja
master used to say,
the keenest eye is
that which looks inward.
See what I mean?
Are you sure it's safe? Why, just
thinkin' about Serpentor
bein' locked up in here gives me
goosebumps all over my body.
Don't worry about it, Heather.
When you're lucky enough
to have Lieutenant Falcon
for a guide, you have
nothing to fear but... Falcon himself.
Don't try spookin' me, Falcon
I'm scared enough as it is.
C'mon. You can relax with me.
Now, you see those tech
manuals over there?
Now just suppose those
were Cobra creeps.
Look out!
Ooh, do it again Falcon, please.
Watch this: over my shoulder.
Duke! What are you doing here?
My duty, which is more than
you seem able to do.
Didn't it occur to you that a military
prison was no place for a date?
I thought you said
you were in charge.
A camera? You let her
bring a camera in here?
I'm taking that film.
I, I didn't know.
Mellow out. She didn't
take any pictures.
Film AND visitors are
forbidden here, Lieutenant Falcon.
You're supposed to be
aware of those regulations!
I'll take the lady elsewhere, SIR!
C'mon, babe, this is
starting to get BORING.
I'll show you boring, mister!
Jinx, escort this young lady
off the base,.on the double!
Right, Duke. Let's go, Goldilocks.
I had a wonderful time, Falcon!
That Falcon is such a hunk!
I'm talkin' major league gorgeous.
But I'm not tellin' you anything
you don't already know, am I?
As a matter of fact, I did have
kind of a date with Falcon,
but I doubt he's gonna
have much time for
socializing with either
of us from here on.
Now make like an amoeba and split.
Toodleoo!
You're dangerously close
to insubordination, mister!
And you're over the
line on military protocol!
I'm an officer and I'm pullin' rank!
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
The only thing you're pulling is
guard duty until I say otherwise!
Takin' a dip, love?
Zarana! I didn't know it was you!
Neatly done, sister. I trust your
mission was equally well executed?
Duke took the film in my camera,
but not in my earrings.
We'll soon know everything we need
to penetrate the Joes' stockade.
Blimey! It's a bloomin' sea monster!
Excellent, Zarana.
You have done well.
We shall use your information to
free my lord Serpentor, tonight.
I'm gettin' a nasty little
feelin' like a train's comin' in
and I'm gonna be under it.
Know what I mean, GUNG-HO.
Yeah, we're all antsy tonight,
Alpine, but don't sweat it.
That new kid, Lieutenant Falcon,
is guardin' our outer perimeter.
If anyone's dumb enough to try
anything, they've got to get
past him first. I figure he'll
give us all the warning we need.
Nice legs for a
grease monkey, soldier.
Falcon!
Want me to kiss it
and make it better?
Consider this motor
pool enemy territory.
You're supposed to
be happy to see me, Jinx.
And you're supposed
to be on guard duty.
Oh, it's Heather isn't it.
When I explain about her,
you're gonna feel so silly, you...
Stow it, Falcon.
I'm allergic to baloney.
You should be guarding Serpentor.
Don't sweat it.
Nobody could even get close
to the stockade
without an I.D. bracelet.
And even if they faked the bracelet,
the pene-plastic
shield would stop 'em cold.
But, for the sake of argument,
suppose our mythical intruders
did make it all the way to
Serpentor's cell block.
Yeah...
They'd still have to blast
through a couple o' yards
of super-hard concrete.
Uh-huh.
Then they'd have to get
past three of our best guys.
It's not just unlikely, it's impossible.
The alarm circuit's been cut!
How are you at splicing!
Nothin' like a little on-the-job trainin'!
He must not reconnect that alarm!
Gung-Ho, watch out!
Keep slicing.
No, it can't be!
Oh, brother, you are bad luck!
Hey, you're not exactly
a rabbit's foot yourself.
After them! Deploy the Recon Sleds!
Falcon! Take a good look at what
your irresponsibility cost us!
Because YOU deserted your post,
the enemy force was able to
penetrate security, free Serpentor,
and injure three good men!
You're confined to quarters
until court martial!
Get him out of my sight!
Even their Air Force is ugly!
Prepare the path of the steem.
I, Serpentor, emperor of Cobra,
salute you, most noble one.
Pythona tells me
I owe you my freedom.
Your freedom and your life.
Know that I am Golobulus, supreme
ruler of this kingdom of Cobra-La.
It was I who created you, Serpentor.
You are mine!
No! Serpentor is the product
of my genetic engineering!
Silence, Doctor.
But we combed the
tombs of history's
most powerful leaders for DNA!
Didn't it ever occur to you
that such a brilliant plan
was beyond the capacity of
even your fine intelligence?
But it...
You perceive the facts
correctly, Destro.
I implanted the idea and
skill in Doctor Mindbender's
rather pedestrian brain with this,
a psychic motivator.
I offer you my most
enthusiastic obedience.
And we too!
Then, so say we all.
It is our greater destiny
that concerns me now.
Where is the Broadcast
Energy Transmitter?
I was unable to capture it, but I
shall not fail you again, my lord.
Let's hope not, Serpentor.
I would hate to lose you.
However, you will have other
opportunities to serve me.
First, a graver matter
lies before us...
The trial of Cobra Commander!
Lieutenant Falcon, I can't
understand how an arrogant misfit
like you got into this
outfit in the first place!
They gonna shoot Falcon?
Not now. This is just
a preliminary hearing.
Three good men injured,
Serpentor freed by some
bizarre, new enemy,
all because you can't obey orders!
Your record is a shameful
parade of insubordination
and gross dereliction of duty.
We searched your file, in the
hope of finding some act
of merit to offset the maximum
penalty. We found... none.
If it please the court,
I ask that the defendant be spared.
On what grounds?
Duke, don't.
I just know underneath it
all there's a Joe worth saving.
Falcon is my half-brother.
We should confer on this.
Duke, remove the defendant.
Don't do me any more favors, Duke.
You've done more than
enough already. big brother.
Falcon, Duke's trying to help.
How? By bustin' my
chops every chance he gets?
I promised our mother
I'd keep an eye on him.
Maybe I shouldn't
have taken the job.
He did the crime,
he oughta do the time!
Yeah. Now you might get
penalized for his screw-ups.
Hey! Nobody's gonna
take the rap for me!
I don't need your
help anymore, Duke!
Get outta my life!
Show time.
Lieutenant Falcon, it is
the judgment of this tribunal
that you not be
boundover for court martial.
But you still must answer for
the serious charges against you.
Falcon, you're gonna learn what it
means to be a Joe even if it kills you.
I'm sending you to
the Slaughterhouse.
You have no jurisdiction over me!
Release me at once
or face my wrath!
I promise I'll...
Be silent... or be silenced!
I'll... I am always prepared to
listen to reason, most honored sire.
'Ey, Zartan, why all this
legal-fegal palaver?
Yeah, if they wanna
trash old Chrome Dome,
why don't they just
get on with it?
Because, Dreadnoks, we are
civilized, and a great wrong
has been by inflicted upon
Cobra-La by Cobra Commander.
That wrong must be avenged
in accordance with
our ancient tradition.
Let the web of remembrance
tell the tale!
Forty thousand years ago, the glory
of Cobra-La dominated this planet.
But an age of ice destroyed
much of what we had built,
and with it began
the time of the barbarians.
Surprisingly, they evolved.
If you ask me,
some of them did not evolve.
Gradually, they mastered
a technology based
on inorganic, lifeless substances.
Their culture was a travesty
of our own noble ways,
and a threat to our very existence.
We retreated to
preserve our ways
and await an opportunity
to reclaim the earth.
Generations passed...
And then, a brilliant young
nobleman came to my attention.
Even though disfigured by
a laboratory accident...
he was my choice...
to go into the world
and raise a mighty army,
and to destroy the
so-called human civilization
which had driven us into exile.
You were my hope,
Cobra Commander,
and you failed me... miserably!
I was betrayed!
My troops lack courage!
It was not my fault!
You failed!
No!
Your precious creation Serpentor
defiled your dreams of conquest!
Destroy him I say! Destroy him!
Behold, the culmination of centuries!
The ultimate fruit of
hypergenetic manipulation,
a weapon no enemy can withstand!
In several hours,
these magnificent fungusoids
will mature and launch hundreds
of giant pods into orbit.
The pods will contain spores,
and the spores will degenerate
all organisms they touch,
mutating them into primitive,
incompetent life forms.
When the pods ripen, they will
burst... and shower the earth with
enough spores to reduce the entire
human race into mindless beasts.
Only those beneath Cobra-La's
ice dome will be spared.
But the pods will not ripen in
freezing space, without energy...
and that is why I must have...
The Broadcast Energy
Transmitter! Of course!
Fool! You haven't got the B.E.T.!
You don't even know where it is!
Your plan is laughable!
But your punishment will not be.
Punishment? What about my trial?
It's over, and the verdict
is guilty-guilty of the
one unforgiveable crime:
failure!
No! No! Not the spores!
I'm a citizen of Cobra-La!
NOT THE SPORES!
No! Nooo... ooo... ooo...
Ooh, how bizarre!
Nemesis Enforcer,
throw this worthless
sewage into the
Abyss of Oblivion.
No, put him in with
the Joe prisoners,
so they can see the
fate which awaits them.
I like that.
It's poetic in its simplicity.
A trifle melodramatic, but...
Nemesis Enforcer, take him away.
Yee-haw!
There it is, Lift-Ticket!
Sure don't look cozy down there!
I dont' think Falcon is supposed
to enjoy himself, Wild Bill.
Gung-Ho, Alpine, and Bazooka
aren't exactly enjoyin'
their hospital stay.
Put it on, smart guy!
What for? We're in the
middle o' nowhere. whooo!
Which is right where you belong!
Cobra?
Look what dropped in on us,
brothers:
a hundred and seventy
pounds of air pollution!
I've seen putty with more backbone!
I do not like his face.
Let us remove it, yes?
At ease, disease!
I've been expecting you.
My name is Sergeant Slaughter,
special drill instructor for GI Joe.
That's terrific, Sarge,
but I'm tryin' to cut down on
the chicken sweat just now,
so if you'll excuse me...
You're goin' nowhere, space case.
You're here because you're an
industrial-strength foul-up!
My job is to whip you into
shape, and I'm talkin' whip!
There's only two ways
outta my command:
on your feet like a man, or in a ditty
bag--an itty, bitty ditty bag! Got it?
Yes, Sir!
thats better!
Now straighten up and
meet the Renegades.
They're not real  dependable yet,
but when I get through with 'em,
what're you gonna be?
Perfect!
That's right, per-fect!
Say hello to Mercer,
ex-Cobra Viper who's seen the light.
Red Dog, booted out of pro football
for unnecessary roughness.
And Taurus, a circus acrobat with
a few loose bats in his big top.
Uh, hi, guys.
Okay, now that we're all close friends
, let's head for the Slaughterhouse.
Grab your gear and
start hot-footin' it.
If you're gonna be there in time
for breakfast, it's a long haul.
You expect me to walk?
No, you can run! Yo Joe!
Save my bones for Davy Jones!
He gives me chills.
What'd they do to him?
He looks... inhuman!
Forget that, man,
remember the plan!
When the guards open the gates,
we're gone.
now... Yo Joe! Let's go!
Wait for me!
The world will soon be ours,
great Golobulus!
May your deeds match your words,
Serpentor.
The Joes are escaping!
We must destroy them!
You will find Cobra-La is prepared
to handle all contingencies,
my impetuous friend.
This way out! Yo Joe!
Stop! It's a trap!
Get outta my face!
No! Look!
You see, Serpentor,
there is no escape from Cobra-La.
My buddies!
There's nothing
you can do to save them!
Wait!
I know another way out of Cobra-La.
You can save yourself
and fight again.
So what's your fee?
Snakes don't give for free.
Take me with you!
We got a bargain.
But play it straight,
or there's no doubt
I'll turn your eyeballs inside-out.
This way.
Nemesis Enforcer, dispose of them.
Don't look!
my eyes
I can't see!
I'll be your eyes! Run!
Not that way! To the left!
Now turn! No, straight ahead!
Beautiful!
So begins the dawn
of our invincibility.
Forward!
Our mission is not complete
until we return with
the Broadcast Energy Transmitter!
Useless! All useless!
C'mon! Snap out of it!
Neither of us'll make it
if you don't hang together!
I was once a man! A man!
I can't see,
but I can still... hey,
this is your faceplate.
Was my mask,
just as I was once a man!
I don't like that crazy sound.
Tell me, dude, what's goin' down?
The beginning of the end
of human civilization,
unless you warn G. I. Joe in time.
Then let's move it!
Straight ahead, a mountain path!
That's it! Faster! Faster!
Sorry you missed breakfast,
Falcon (burp),
but that's what happens
when you're outta shape.
Maybe a little K.P.'ll
help you get the lead out.
Jump, yardbird!
You're going to work
till you wish you were dead,
and then keep goin',
'cause you're afraid if you don't,
I won't let you die!
I can't believe Flint hasn't found
a trace of Roadblock's unit.
The Himalayas are a big hunk
of geography, Sergeant,
but we can't wait any longer.
I want you to infiltrate
the Terror Drome and see
if Cobra knows what
happened to Roadblock's men.
Uh, how's Falcon doing?
I'm lookin' at him.
It's too soon to tell yet,
but I think the kid's got potential.
And by the way,
I won't tell him you asked.
Dinner already?
Unless you like snakeburgers.
We're gonna infiltrate the
Terror Drome no Cobra Island.
That's suicide!
Yes. Horoscope say
is bad day to travel.
Think of it as an extra-rough
training exercise.
Training, huh? Then why don't
we leave our weapons behind
and make it really educational?
Now that's what I call a challenge.
No weapons! Let's move out!
Cobra will never think of looking for
the B.E.T. in a civilian security lab.
Let's hope not.
Anyway, it'll be safer here
until our missing buddies return.
Mercer, you know the layout.
How do we get in?
In this stinking swamp, even big,
bad Cobras need air conditioning.
That's our ticket in.
The real men can go in.
The cowards can stay out here.
Central control is that way.
The Baroness has located
the Broadcast Energy Transmitter.
The Joes can't stop us
from capturing it now.
They're off balance
and undermanned.
Strato-Vipers, when the battle is
won, to you shall go the honor
of flying the transmitter
back to Cobra-La!
Hail, Serpentor!
Hail, Cobra! Hail, victory!
You're not fillin'
your brothers in, Mercer.
What's Cobra-La?
I never heard of it.
That answer gives me no comfort.
Pipe down.
I believe him.
Right now we gotta
warn headquarters.
Falcon, can you get the word out?
No sweat.
Then do it.
We'll blow up their armory,
and rattle reptile
from here to Cobra-La.
Yo Joe! Yo Joe!
Come on!
Come in, G. I. Joe. Acknowledge.
If they keep shootin', we all blow up!
Come in, G. I. Joe! Acknowledge!
come on, lets go'in. Yo Joe!
It's time to go bye-bye,
or boom-boom! Where's Falcon?
Who cares?
We don't need!
It's time you learned
we're a team, Red Dog.
We all go home or
nobody goes home!
Yo Joe!
How many in your force?
What is the purpose
of your mission?
You can't resist forever!
You're right.
All I gotta do is hold out
for five... more... minutes.
Insolent fool!
If you won't answer me,
you can answer Nemesis Enforcer!
Yo Joe!
When I'm through with you,
scuz-bucket,
they're gonna scrape you off
the walls with a squeegee.
Nemesis Enforcer!
Finish him off, we have work to do!
Ahh! Nemesis Enforcer! Help me!
You, you came back for me.
Don't get sloppy.
Just point me at that overgrown bat.
No time for rematch!
Remember bomb!
Must hurry!
Let's get outta here!
Cobra is finished, yes?
Don't bet your beard on it.
I want their heads!
This I command!
Perimeters are secured, sir!
Secure the B.E.T.!
Cobra's after
the Broadcast Energy Transmitter!
You rally the ground troops.
I'll call out the airborne assault team.
Yo Joe!
Hey, wait up!
There goes our ride.
That ain't necessarily so!
I'll hotwire this baby
and we're outta here.
Fly it, Jinx!
Yo Joe!
Ay, carumba! Oh no! Aw, nuts! etc.
First one to say anything
about my being bad luck
gets a knuckle massage.
I can see the whites
of their beedy little eyes!
Yo J...
What the...
Shoot 'em down, whatever they are!
Okay, Chuckles, let's give
this whirlybird a twirl!
All right, let's go!
Okay, guys, prove us
Rawhides aren't raw!
Man, who ever heard of
being shot down by salad?
Pour it on, Joes! We can't let 'em
get their hands on the B.E.T..
Bandits at 12 o'clock high! Regroup!
Cobra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-
la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!
Maintain air attack,
and deploy the Marauders!
Whoah!
Open it!
Wow!
Inform Serpentor the prize is ours.
Go for the underbelly!
These things aren't
invulnerable after all!
At last!
What?
Yo Joe! Concentrate firepower! etc.
Evacuate the B.E.T. at once!
Yo Joe!
Cobra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-
la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!
Falcon!
You, young one.
You nearly thwarted my destiny!
Duke!
Die, arrogant earth scum!
NO!
Duke?
He took the snake
meant for your heart,
but his sacrifice will be in vain!
This I command!
General Hawk! Bad news!
Serpentor got the B.E.T.,
and Duke is seriously injured!
See to him! I'm coming in!
How is he, Scarlett?
Not good.
Looks like I can't look out
for you any more, kid.
Don't say that, Duke!
Doc'll fix you up!
This isn't Doc's day for miracles.
It's my own fault
I'm too slow.
No, No, you did it to save me!
Promise me you'll try
to get your act together,
be a credit... to your country.
I, I'll make you proud! You'll see!
Yo... Joe...
He's gone into a coma.
Duke.
Falcon, don't worry.
We'll do everything we can for Duke.
Yo Joe.
Hail, Golobulus!
Behold, the proof of our victory.
When this timeworm completes its
journey, the pods will ripen,
the spores will burst forth,
and this pitiful planet will be ours.
General Hawk,
I've identified that energy source!
It's definitely coming from the B.E.T.
cobra's got it
somewhere in the Himalayas.
Prepare to move out.
All I want is Serpentor.
Just give me one clear shot.
Not so fast, Rawhide,
you're not goin' anyplace.
Problem, Beach Head?
Affirmative. I'm not sure
the Rawhides are ready yet,
and I'm 'specially not sure about him.
But, Serpentor...
Beach Head is right.
The six of you still lack experience.
I have a right!
What you have is an order, G. I. Joe!
Besides, we need someone to guard
the base and try to contact Flint.
Yes, sir!
Useless! All useless!
I was a man! Yessssss...
Oh, yesss...
I wassssss a man...
I was a man, yessss...
Stop sayin' that, you hear?
You're makin' me crazy!
Was a man! Men may rule,
but serpents never! Was a...
You're goin' snakehouse, man!
You gotta resist!
Yes! WAS ONCE A MAN!
Stop stranglin' me!
There he is!
Hey, it's Roadblock! etc.
Some rescue party
we turned out to be!
Roadblock found us!
Who is it? I don't need to see
clear to fracture your rear!
Easy, Roadblock.
You're with friends.
Lifeline? Lifeline!
Flint! Roadblock!
Hawk's leading a strike force
to Serpentor's home base,
a place called Cobra-La.
Patch me through!
We've gotta warn him!
Warn him? About what?
Plants, man.
The kind that gobble you up.
Yo Joe!
Sound the alarm!
The Joes are attacking!
I'm aware of that, Serpentor!
I am aware of everything.
All shall be accomplished
in the fullness of time.
Yo Joe!
Hawk, don't send 'em in!
Cobra-La is booby-trapped!
How, Roadblock?
Some kinda weird tree, man.
Where those leaves grow,
you can't survive.
That giant plant eats Joes alive!
Get back! Halt! Watch out men!
Get back! Get back!
Hey, que pasa, Jinx?
Hawk and the others were
ambushed entering Cobra-La.
Look at Cobra Commander!
Those orbiting pods contain
degenerative spores, and if the
B.E.T. isn't shut down, the
pods will open and release enough
spores to mutate every
man, woman, and child on Earth!
That's not gonna happen! Right?
Right!
Let's win this game!
I think your vision can be restored,
but there's nothing
I can do for the snake.
The mutation process is irreversible.
Wassss... a man!
I hear somethin'... and now
I can see it comin' in!
I never thought I'd be glad
to see you show up, Falcon.
Thanks, Flint. Now Roadblock,
how are we gonna get in to
save Hawk and the others?
Cobra Commander is the
only one who can tell us.
Which way now, man?
You hear me, man?
Forget it.
He's completely turned into a snake.
Now how do we know
which way to go?
Hey, wait! Listen... I think
I just found a back door!
How come we gotta seal this tunnel?
If we don't, those spores will filter
in and mutate us, you bug-brain.
You wonna wait
a claim or something
'Allo, 'allo, allo!
Adios, adios, adios!
Those fool Dreadnoks!
They fly too close to the carnal trees!
Wait, those aren't Dreadnoks.
They're... G.I. Joes!
And Big Lob makes his move!
Uh-oh! Aggressive defense!
He takes a hit, but keeps comin'!
Will the clock run out before
his mission is complete? No!
He shoots...
Is it good?
Yes!
Forward! Shoot'em plants.
Oh, brother.
Yo Joe!
General Hawk!
We've gotta shut down the B.E.T.!
Then let's do it, soldier! Yo Joe!
They're advancing on the palace!
They are too late.
But, to assuage your fears,
I shall take precautions.
Organisms of Cobra-La,
detach, and defend to the death!
C'mon!
Yeah! Let's go! etc.
Yo Joe! Head for the palace!
Not bad for a first date, huh?
Yeah, but next time let's watch
a horror flick instead of living one!
Shut down the B.E.T.!
I'll keep this party going!
There!
Obliterate them!
Vengeance is ours!
The big sleaze-bat belongs to me!
you're terrific
Your brother fell before my wrath,
and so shall you!
Hold still, witch!
Prepare for eternity!
Your life has ended!
Okay, lady, it's time for lights out!
Your breath sears your lungs.
Your eyes dim. Your...
Wasss a man... Yesss...
Cobra Commander! No!
I always knew I wasn't unlucky.
This is for Gung-Ho, Alpine, and
Bazooka! (grunts) This is for Falcon!
(grunts) This is for me! (grunts)
This is for Duke! (grunts)
And this is for the U.S. of A.!
(grunts) You make me sick!
Enough! This game is over!
Falcon!
You're next, whatever you are.
I will stain my hands with your blood!
No one, no one defies
Golobulus and lives! No one!
Don't give up!
The last thing you will hear is
the cracking of your vertebrae,
one by one!
He did it! He shut off the B.E.T.
Heroic, and utterly futile.
Behold, the pods have matured!
There is no way to stop the spores!
You have lost, G. I. Joe! Lost!
We failed.
No. not yet!
What are you doing?
If I can rev up enough juice...
You can fry those spores in space!
It's gonna blow!
Warn the others!
Get outta here!
And leave you? No way!
Forget me! Save yourselves!
Falcon, we all go home
or nobody goes home!
Jump, Falcon! Grab my ankles!
General Hawk, do you read me?
This is Doc at headquarters.
Great news!
Duke's come out of his coma!
Looks like we've made it.
Men, Doc says Duke's
gonna be A-OK!
Yo Joe!
Look at the sky!
The last of the mutation
spores are burning up in orbit.
Thanks, big brother. Let's go.
WWW.BALACEANCA.NET
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org